ISO/IEC 27001:2022(E)
b) documented information determined by the organization as being necessary for the effectiveness 
of the information security management system.
NOTE The extent of documented information for an information security management system can differ 
from one organization to another due to:
1) the size of organization and its type of activities, processes, products and services;
2) the complexity of processes and their interactions; and
3) the competence of persons.
7.5.2  Creating and updating
When creating and updating documented information the organization shall ensure appropriate:
a) identification and description (e.g. a title, date, author, or reference number);
b) format (e.g. language, software version, graphics) and media (e.g. paper, electronic); and

principles and generic guidelines provided in ISO 31000 [5].
6.2  Information security objectives and planning to achieve them
The organization shall establish information security objectives at relevant functions and levels.
The information security objectives shall:
a) be consistent with the information security policy;
b) be measurable (if practicable);
c) take into account applicable information security requirements, and results from risk assessment 
and risk treatment;
d) be monitored;
e) be communicated; 
f) be updated as appropriate;
g) be available as documented information.
The organization shall retain documented information on the information security objectives.
When planning how to achieve its information security objectives, the organization shall determine:

ISO/IEC 27001:2022(E)
— justification for their inclusion;
— whether the necessary controls are implemented or not; and
— the justification for excluding any of the Annex A controls.
e) formulate an information security risk treatment plan; and
f) obtain risk owners’ approval of the information security risk treatment plan and acceptance of the 
residual information security risks.
The organization shall retain documented information about the information security risk treatment 
process.
NOTE 4 The information security risk assessment and treatment process in this document aligns with the 
principles and generic guidelines provided in ISO 31000 [5].
6.2  Information security objectives and planning to achieve them

This document can be used by internal and external parties to assess the organization's ability to meet 
the organization’s own information security requirements.
The order in which requirements are presented in this document does not reflect their importance 
or imply the order in which they are to be implemented. The list items are enumerated for reference 
purpose only.
ISO/IEC 27000 describes the overview and the vocabulary of information security management 
systems, referencing the information security management system family of standards (including 
ISO/IEC 27003[2], ISO/IEC 27004[3] and ISO/IEC 27005[4]), with related terms and definitions.
 
0.2   Compatibility with other management system standards

ISO/IEC 27001:2022(E)
7  Support
7.1  Resources
The organization shall determine and provide the resources needed for the establishment, 
implementation, maintenance and continual improvement of the information security management 
system.
7.2  Competence
The organization shall:
a) determine the necessary competence of person(s) doing work under its control that affects its 
information security performance;
b) ensure that these persons are competent on the basis of appropriate education, training, or 
experience;
c) where applicable, take actions to acquire the necessary competence, and evaluate the effectiveness 
of the actions taken; and
d) retain appropriate documented information as evidence of competence.