This document can be used by internal and external parties to assess the organization's ability to meet 
the organization’s own information security requirements.
The order in which requirements are presented in this document does not reflect their importance 
or imply the order in which they are to be implemented. The list items are enumerated for reference 
purpose only.
ISO/IEC 27000 describes the overview and the vocabulary of information security management 
systems, referencing the information security management system family of standards (including 
ISO/IEC 27003[2], ISO/IEC 27004[3] and ISO/IEC 27005[4]), with related terms and definitions.
 
0.2   Compatibility with other management system standards

ISO/IEC 27001:2022(E)
7  Support
7.1  Resources
The organization shall determine and provide the resources needed for the establishment, 
implementation, maintenance and continual improvement of the information security management 
system.
7.2  Competence
The organization shall:
a) determine the necessary competence of person(s) doing work under its control that affects its 
information security performance;
b) ensure that these persons are competent on the basis of appropriate education, training, or 
experience;
c) where applicable, take actions to acquire the necessary competence, and evaluate the effectiveness 
of the actions taken; and
d) retain appropriate documented information as evidence of competence.

ISO/IEC 27001:2022(E)
Foreword
ISO (the International Organization for Standardization) and IEC (the International Electrotechnical 
Commission) form the specialized system for worldwide standardization. National bodies that are 
members of ISO or IEC participate in the development of International Standards through technical 
committees established by the respective organization to deal with particular fields of technical 
activity. ISO and IEC technical committees collaborate in fields of mutual interest. Other international 
organizations, governmental and non-governmental, in liaison with ISO and IEC, also take part in the 
work.
The procedures used to develop this document and those intended for its further maintenance

ii
ISO/IEC 27001:2022(E)
COPYRIGHT PROTECTED DOCUMENT
©  ISO/IEC 2022
All rights reserved. Unless otherwise specified, or required in the context of its implementation, no part of this publication may 
be reproduced or utilized otherwise in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, or posting on 
the internet or an intranet, without prior written permission. Permission can be requested from either ISO at the address below 
or ISO’s member body in the country of the requester.
ISO copyright office
CP 401 • Ch. de Blandonnet 8
CH-1214 Vernier, Geneva
Phone: +41 22 749 01 11
Email: copyright@iso.org
Website: www.iso.org
Published in Switzerland
   © ISO/IEC 2022 – All rights reserved
 
--``,,,,,``````,,,,,`,`,`,`,,`,-`-`,,`,,`,`,,`---

ISO/IEC 27001:2022(E)
6.1.2  Information security risk assessment
The organization shall define and apply an information security risk assessment process that:
a) establishes and maintains information security risk criteria that include:
1) the risk acceptance criteria; and
2) criteria for performing information security risk assessments;
b) ensures that repeated information security risk assessments produce consistent, valid and 
comparable results;
c) identifies the information security risks:
1) apply the information security risk assessment process to identify risks associated with 
the loss of confidentiality, integrity and availability for information within the scope of the 
information security management system; and
2) identify the risk owners;

ISO/IEC 27001:2022(E)
7. 5 Protecting against physical and 
environmental threats
Control
Protection against physical and environmental threats, such as natural 
disasters and other intentional or unintentional physical threats to 
infrastructure shall be designed and implemented.
7.6 Working in secure areas Control
Security measures for working in secure areas shall be designed and 
implemented.
7.7 Clear desk and clear screen Control
Clear desk rules for papers and removable storage media and clear 
screen rules for information processing facilities shall be defined and 
appropriately enforced.
7.8 Equipment siting and protection Control
Equipment shall be sited securely and protected.
7.9 Security of assets off-premises Control
Off-site assets shall be protected.

ISO/IEC 27001:2022(E)
6 People controls
6.1 Screening Control
Background verification checks on all candidates to become personnel 
shall be carried out prior to joining the organization and on an ongoing 
basis taking into consideration applicable laws, regulations and ethics 
and be proportional to the business requirements, the classification of 
the information to be accessed and the perceived risks.
6.2 Terms and conditions of em -
ployment
Control
The employment contractual agreements shall state the personnel’s and 
the organization’s responsibilities for information security.
6.3 Information security awareness, 
education and training
Control
Personnel of the organization and relevant interested parties shall receive

ISO/IEC 27001:2022(E)
b) documented information determined by the organization as being necessary for the effectiveness 
of the information security management system.
NOTE The extent of documented information for an information security management system can differ 
from one organization to another due to:
1) the size of organization and its type of activities, processes, products and services;
2) the complexity of processes and their interactions; and
3) the competence of persons.
7.5.2  Creating and updating
When creating and updating documented information the organization shall ensure appropriate:
a) identification and description (e.g. a title, date, author, or reference number);
b) format (e.g. language, software version, graphics) and media (e.g. paper, electronic); and

www.iso.org/iso/foreword.html . In the IEC, see www.iec.ch/understanding-standards .
This document was prepared by Joint Technical Committee ISO/IEC JTC 1, Information Technology, 
Subcommittee SC 27, Information security, cybersecurity and privacy protection .
This third edition cancels and replaces the second edition (ISO/IEC 27001:2013), which has been 
technically revised. It also incorporates the Technical Corrigenda ISO/IEC 27001:2013/Cor 1:2014 and 
ISO/IEC 27001:2013/Cor 2:2015.
The main changes are as follows:
— the text has been aligned with the harmonized structure for management system standards 
and ISO/IEC 27002:2022.
Any feedback or questions on this document should be directed to the user’s national standards

ISO/IEC 27001:2022(E)
5.12 Classification of information Control
Information shall be classified according to the information security 
needs of the organization based on confidentiality, integrity, availability 
and relevant interested party requirements.
5.13 Labelling of information Control
An appropriate set of procedures for information labelling shall be 
developed and implemented in accordance with the information clas -
sification scheme adopted by the organization.
5.14 Information transfer Control
Information transfer rules, procedures, or agreements shall be in place 
for all types of transfer facilities within the organization and between 
the organization and other parties.
5.15 Access control Control
Rules to control physical and logical access to information and other

ISO/IEC 27001:2022(E)
NOTE The requirements of interested parties can include legal and regulatory requirements and contractual 
obligations.
4.3  Determining the scope of the information security management system
The organization shall determine the boundaries and applicability of the information security 
management system to establish its scope.
When determining this scope, the organization shall consider:
a) the external and internal issues referred to in 4.1;
b) the requirements referred to in 4.2; 
c) interfaces and dependencies between activities performed by the organization, and those that are 
performed by other organizations.
The scope shall be available as documented information.
4.4  Information security management system