ISO/IEC 27001:2022(E)
Introduction
0.1   General
This document has been prepared to provide requirements for establishing, implementing, maintaining 
and continually improving an information security management system. The adoption of an 
information security management system is a strategic decision for an organization. The establishment 
and implementation of an organization’s information security management system is influenced by the 
organization’s needs and objectives, security requirements, the organizational processes used and the 
size and structure of the organization. All of these influencing factors are expected to change over time.
The information security management system preserves the confidentiality, integrity and availability

ISO/IEC 27001:2022(E)
b) documented information determined by the organization as being necessary for the effectiveness 
of the information security management system.
NOTE The extent of documented information for an information security management system can differ 
from one organization to another due to:
1) the size of organization and its type of activities, processes, products and services;
2) the complexity of processes and their interactions; and
3) the competence of persons.
7.5.2  Creating and updating
When creating and updating documented information the organization shall ensure appropriate:
a) identification and description (e.g. a title, date, author, or reference number);
b) format (e.g. language, software version, graphics) and media (e.g. paper, electronic); and

ISO/IEC 27001:2022(E)
6.1.2  Information security risk assessment
The organization shall define and apply an information security risk assessment process that:
a) establishes and maintains information security risk criteria that include:
1) the risk acceptance criteria; and
2) criteria for performing information security risk assessments;
b) ensures that repeated information security risk assessments produce consistent, valid and 
comparable results;
c) identifies the information security risks:
1) apply the information security risk assessment process to identify risks associated with 
the loss of confidentiality, integrity and availability for information within the scope of the 
information security management system; and
2) identify the risk owners;

ISO/IEC 27001:2022(E)
7  Support
7.1  Resources
The organization shall determine and provide the resources needed for the establishment, 
implementation, maintenance and continual improvement of the information security management 
system.
7.2  Competence
The organization shall:
a) determine the necessary competence of person(s) doing work under its control that affects its 
information security performance;
b) ensure that these persons are competent on the basis of appropriate education, training, or 
experience;
c) where applicable, take actions to acquire the necessary competence, and evaluate the effectiveness 
of the actions taken; and
d) retain appropriate documented information as evidence of competence.

principles and generic guidelines provided in ISO 31000 [5].
6.2  Information security objectives and planning to achieve them
The organization shall establish information security objectives at relevant functions and levels.
The information security objectives shall:
a) be consistent with the information security policy;
b) be measurable (if practicable);
c) take into account applicable information security requirements, and results from risk assessment 
and risk treatment;
d) be monitored;
e) be communicated; 
f) be updated as appropriate;
g) be available as documented information.
The organization shall retain documented information on the information security objectives.
When planning how to achieve its information security objectives, the organization shall determine:

ISO/IEC 27001:2022(E)
— justification for their inclusion;
— whether the necessary controls are implemented or not; and
— the justification for excluding any of the Annex A controls.
e) formulate an information security risk treatment plan; and
f) obtain risk owners’ approval of the information security risk treatment plan and acceptance of the 
residual information security risks.
The organization shall retain documented information about the information security risk treatment 
process.
NOTE 4 The information security risk assessment and treatment process in this document aligns with the 
principles and generic guidelines provided in ISO 31000 [5].
6.2  Information security objectives and planning to achieve them

ISO/IEC 27001:2022(E)
Bibliography
[1] ISO/IEC 27002:2022, Information security, cybersecurity and privacy protection — Information 
security controls
[2] ISO/IEC 27003, Information technology — Security techniques — Information security management 
systems — Guidance
[3] ISO/IEC 27004, Information technology — Security techniques — Information security management 
— Monitoring, measurement, analysis and evaluation
[4] ISO/IEC 27005, Information security, cybersecurity and privacy protection — Guidance on 
managing information security risks
[5] ISO 31000:2018, Risk management — Guidelines
© ISO/IEC 2022 – All rights reserved   
 
19
--``,,,,,``````,,,,,`,`,`,`,,`,-`-`,,`,,`,`,,`---