ISO/IEC 27001:2022(E)
Introduction
0.1   General
This document has been prepared to provide requirements for establishing, implementing, maintaining 
and continually improving an information security management system. The adoption of an 
information security management system is a strategic decision for an organization. The establishment 
and implementation of an organization’s information security management system is influenced by the 
organization’s needs and objectives, security requirements, the organizational processes used and the 
size and structure of the organization. All of these influencing factors are expected to change over time.
The information security management system preserves the confidentiality, integrity and availability

ISO/IEC 27001:2022(E)
b) documented information determined by the organization as being necessary for the effectiveness 
of the information security management system.
NOTE The extent of documented information for an information security management system can differ 
from one organization to another due to:
1) the size of organization and its type of activities, processes, products and services;
2) the complexity of processes and their interactions; and
3) the competence of persons.
7.5.2  Creating and updating
When creating and updating documented information the organization shall ensure appropriate:
a) identification and description (e.g. a title, date, author, or reference number);
b) format (e.g. language, software version, graphics) and media (e.g. paper, electronic); and

ISO/IEC 27001:2022(E)
6.1.2  Information security risk assessment
The organization shall define and apply an information security risk assessment process that:
a) establishes and maintains information security risk criteria that include:
1) the risk acceptance criteria; and
2) criteria for performing information security risk assessments;
b) ensures that repeated information security risk assessments produce consistent, valid and 
comparable results;
c) identifies the information security risks:
1) apply the information security risk assessment process to identify risks associated with 
the loss of confidentiality, integrity and availability for information within the scope of the 
information security management system; and
2) identify the risk owners;

This document can be used by internal and external parties to assess the organization's ability to meet 
the organization’s own information security requirements.
The order in which requirements are presented in this document does not reflect their importance 
or imply the order in which they are to be implemented. The list items are enumerated for reference 
purpose only.
ISO/IEC 27000 describes the overview and the vocabulary of information security management 
systems, referencing the information security management system family of standards (including 
ISO/IEC 27003[2], ISO/IEC 27004[3] and ISO/IEC 27005[4]), with related terms and definitions.
 
0.2   Compatibility with other management system standards

ISO/IEC 27001:2022(E)
Bibliography
[1] ISO/IEC 27002:2022, Information security, cybersecurity and privacy protection — Information 
security controls
[2] ISO/IEC 27003, Information technology — Security techniques — Information security management 
systems — Guidance
[3] ISO/IEC 27004, Information technology — Security techniques — Information security management 
— Monitoring, measurement, analysis and evaluation
[4] ISO/IEC 27005, Information security, cybersecurity and privacy protection — Guidance on 
managing information security risks
[5] ISO 31000:2018, Risk management — Guidelines
© ISO/IEC 2022 – All rights reserved   
 
19
--``,,,,,``````,,,,,`,`,`,`,,`,-`-`,,`,,`,`,,`---

ISO/IEC 27001:2022(E)
7  Support
7.1  Resources
The organization shall determine and provide the resources needed for the establishment, 
implementation, maintenance and continual improvement of the information security management 
system.
7.2  Competence
The organization shall:
a) determine the necessary competence of person(s) doing work under its control that affects its 
information security performance;
b) ensure that these persons are competent on the basis of appropriate education, training, or 
experience;
c) where applicable, take actions to acquire the necessary competence, and evaluate the effectiveness 
of the actions taken; and
d) retain appropriate documented information as evidence of competence.

ISO/IEC 27001:2022(E)
— justification for their inclusion;
— whether the necessary controls are implemented or not; and
— the justification for excluding any of the Annex A controls.
e) formulate an information security risk treatment plan; and
f) obtain risk owners’ approval of the information security risk treatment plan and acceptance of the 
residual information security risks.
The organization shall retain documented information about the information security risk treatment 
process.
NOTE 4 The information security risk assessment and treatment process in this document aligns with the 
principles and generic guidelines provided in ISO 31000 [5].
6.2  Information security objectives and planning to achieve them

ISO/IEC 27001:2022(E)
6 People controls
6.1 Screening Control
Background verification checks on all candidates to become personnel 
shall be carried out prior to joining the organization and on an ongoing 
basis taking into consideration applicable laws, regulations and ethics 
and be proportional to the business requirements, the classification of 
the information to be accessed and the perceived risks.
6.2 Terms and conditions of em -
ployment
Control
The employment contractual agreements shall state the personnel’s and 
the organization’s responsibilities for information security.
6.3 Information security awareness, 
education and training
Control
Personnel of the organization and relevant interested parties shall receive

ISO/IEC 27001:2022(E)
2) the requirements of this document;
b) is effectively implemented and maintained.
9.2.2 Internal audit programme
The organization shall plan, establish, implement and maintain an audit programme(s), including the 
frequency, methods, responsibilities, planning requirements and reporting. 
When establishing the internal audit programme(s), the organization shall consider the importance of 
the processes concerned and the results of previous audits. 
The organization shall: 
a) define the audit criteria and scope for each audit;
b) select auditors and conduct audits that ensure objectivity and the impartiality of the audit process;
c) ensure that the results of the audits are reported to relevant management;