system;
c) changes in needs and expectations of interested parties that are relevant to the information 
security management system;
d) feedback on the information security performance, including trends in:
1) nonconformities and corrective actions;
2) monitoring and measurement results;
3) audit results; 
4) fulfilment of information security objectives;
e) feedback from interested parties;
f) results of risk assessment and status of risk treatment plan; 
g) opportunities for continual improvement.
9.3.3 Management review results
The results of the management review shall include decisions related to continual improvement 
opportunities and any needs for changes to the information security management system.
© ISO/IEC 2022 – All rights reserved   
 
9

The information security management system preserves the confidentiality, integrity and availability 
of information by applying a risk management process and gives confidence to interested parties that 
risks are adequately managed.
It is important that the information security management system is part of and integrated with the 
organization’s processes and overall management structure and that information security is considered 
in the design of processes, information systems, and controls. It is expected that an information security 
management system implementation will be scaled in accordance with the needs of the organization.
This document can be used by internal and external parties to assess the organization's ability to meet

principles and generic guidelines provided in ISO 31000 [5].
6.2  Information security objectives and planning to achieve them
The organization shall establish information security objectives at relevant functions and levels.
The information security objectives shall:
a) be consistent with the information security policy;
b) be measurable (if practicable);
c) take into account applicable information security requirements, and results from risk assessment 
and risk treatment;
d) be monitored;
e) be communicated; 
f) be updated as appropriate;
g) be available as documented information.
The organization shall retain documented information on the information security objectives.
When planning how to achieve its information security objectives, the organization shall determine:

a) conforms to
1) the organization’s own requirements for its information security management system; 
   © ISO/IEC 2022 – All rights reserved
  
8
--``,,,,,``````,,,,,`,`,`,`,,`,-`-`,,`,,`,`,,`---

ISO/IEC 27001:2022(E)
b) documented information determined by the organization as being necessary for the effectiveness 
of the information security management system.
NOTE The extent of documented information for an information security management system can differ 
from one organization to another due to:
1) the size of organization and its type of activities, processes, products and services;
2) the complexity of processes and their interactions; and
3) the competence of persons.
7.5.2  Creating and updating
When creating and updating documented information the organization shall ensure appropriate:
a) identification and description (e.g. a title, date, author, or reference number);
b) format (e.g. language, software version, graphics) and media (e.g. paper, electronic); and

This document can be used by internal and external parties to assess the organization's ability to meet 
the organization’s own information security requirements.
The order in which requirements are presented in this document does not reflect their importance 
or imply the order in which they are to be implemented. The list items are enumerated for reference 
purpose only.
ISO/IEC 27000 describes the overview and the vocabulary of information security management 
systems, referencing the information security management system family of standards (including 
ISO/IEC 27003[2], ISO/IEC 27004[3] and ISO/IEC 27005[4]), with related terms and definitions.
 
0.2   Compatibility with other management system standards